Main functional regression 2009.09-2013.11
------------------------------------------

A serious regression was detected in Nov. 2013 for discs having several titles of different audio
formats, especially 24-bit audio.
Bug tracking revealed that the issue was related to a patch applied proposed by a contributor and 
applied in version 09.09, in the wake of multichannel implementation. Versions between the original
2005 code and version 09.05 are unaffected by this regression.
Files affected were: src/audio.c and src/ats.c

Other issues, mostly minor
--------------------------

1. On Windows platforms, and more generally when getsubopt() should be recompiled (with glibc/ sources)
long option --fixwav may not be available in combination with sub-options, depending on compilers.
Usage: Replace --fixwavprune,interactive with -Fprune,interactive.

2. Still under Windows,
   cannot output to D:\ (or partition other than C:) folder if program installed under C:\

3. If using SoX, the configure script will automatically build glibc objects, among others getop1.c and getopt.c
   This is made necessary by a bug in SoX, versions < 14.3, which redefines getopt_long in own source code,
   causing stack segfaults due to runtime calls by dvda-author routines which should be linked to libc getopt_long,
   not SoX-redefined getopt_long. This does not occur if --enable-sox-build is used or if the Code::Blocks project is
   used (full build). Another way out is to compile with CPPFLAGS=-DSHORT_OPTIONS_ONLY
   (or simply in adding #define SHORT_OPTIONS_ONLY 1 in commonvars.h), thereby using getopt instead of getopt_long.
   A renaming turnaround has been implemented as of version 09.05, which, however, does not work for MSYS builds.
   This bug should have disappeared in current SoX code as SoX developer took suggestions to amend their code.

4. Menu authoring.
   Some font sizes (the second parameter in the --font a,b,c switch) may not work for reasons so far unknown. In case of issues,
   change the font size. Issues have been reported with b=20 and b=30, switching to b=18 or b=40 set things right.
   Do not use a background whose dominant color is too close to text color, otherwise text will not be readable and buttons might not be detected.

5. bugs may occur with AOBs bigger than 1GB as these cases have not be tested extensively.
6. configure.ac and some autotools file like config.status may be affected by dos line-ending issues when git-importing/exporting
   from a Windows platform. The cure consists in applying dos2unix to m4/, config/ and configure.ac, then recreate configure
   using the autogen script. Other issues may affect m4 files generated by autoreconf under m4 as symlinks. These may be
   created under linux and very effectively foil git-merge.

Special tracing files
---------------------

As of Oct. 2013, the following files are generated at the root to monitor the toolchain build:
depconf/BUILD.TRACE
depconf/BUILD.TRACE~ (saves prior BUILD.TRACE)
DOWNLOADS
PATCHED.DOWNLOADS
The filenames are self-explanatory. Please check them before reporting a bug.


LINUX
+ Sox runtime failure (aiff)

